hey what's up everybody this is your
girl miss P I hope that you were doing
fabulous I would doing well and i am
here to do a review for Kelly Rowland
this is down low video I had a lot of
you guys on Twitter hit me up and say
hey miss P I need for you to go ahead
and do this kisses down low video
because y'all know I love me some Kelly
row row yo no I love me some calandria
Rowland ever since she shut down ms
keisha cole yes and i like it before did
be sure to LIKE this video while you're
watching I'd really appreciate it I
haven't done a music video I haven't
done a music video review for her since
motivation I believe no no no I'm it was
another video that she had but I have
another one since then watching the
video that was the first time I heard
the song I know I'm late and I liked it
I love the song it's real a oh I love
how she's like real comfortable with her
vocals now she's not trying to do so
much she knows that she's like a in the
pocket sexy type of vocalist telling so
dancing and it's like a real good jam
song can drive to it I love it and
that's what Kelly's music is and I can't
wait to hear her new album it's called
the year the woman I think I heard that
on Lala's full court life that she was
talking about it but I can't wait to
hear it i think her last album was
really good so this one I think it'll be
even better but as far as the video of
the video was really cute and it was fun
there was no premise to the video it was
very colorful she had a lot of weaves
wigs and teasing going on now baby girl
with the blonde mm-hmm that wasn't nope
that wasn't a move
I love how she had that red dilemma hair
I'm she was given that she was just
being fun and working on hands and
trying to pop like and being silly so
that's pretty much the whole video but
as far as the song and how it came
together I was expecting a little bit
more just because her last videos have
been so artistic and cute and dance feel
a lot of people have been saying that it
was similar to Beyonce's countdown video
I did think of that but they are so
different that I didn't even really
think about it until the end and I'm
glad that I didn't it didn't give me a
lot of Beyonce tease they are totally
different artists so I didn't even think
about that but I am excited for her new
album and this song made me ants for
whatever she's coming out with this
summer and I hope she comes out with
something this summer because Kelly she
been on like a little feature high like
being on different features with
different artists has really helped her
and I hope that this album does even
better and they don't think of her it's
just like a feature girl Kelly she's
done really well since Destiny's Child
and I wish her nothing but the best
because I'm a fan of Kelly I like what
she's doing I like how she's more
comfortable with her vocals and she's
not being somebody that we didn't expect
her to be so yeah as far as the video
like I said it's real chill I don't know
I was expecting a lot of fine dudes in
the video kind of like a super bass from
nicki minaj that's what I was expecting
but I mean she's done that motivation so
I don't know I was expecting something
else what did you guys think of Kelly
ro-ro's new video for kisses down low do
you like the song be sure to check out
our sponsor through this video his name
as c real he is out of Louisiana he's
definitely reppin that positivity
alright y'all so definitely check him
out his link is gonna be down below
please show him some love and give him
some support but if you would like to be
a sponsor for my video or advertise over
on missptv be sure to let me know and
we'll get that squared away peace love
and all that good stuff god bless bye
Oh